# Bank-Marketing-Project
Abstract—Data from a marketing campaign run by Banco de Portugal is examined. The campaign’s aim was to increase customers’ subscription rates to ﬁxed-term deposit products, such as CDs. Using knowledge from the course, a number of machine learning algorithms are implemented to answer the question: How can banks successfully market these products in the most efﬁcient way possible and with the highest possible rate of success? I. INTRODUCTION With the startling rise over the last few decades of media and technology which increases the amount of information we have at our ﬁngertips (cell phones, television, Internet, etc.), humans are now more connected than ever. One result of this is that marketing campaigns are growing evermore pervasive in our daily lives. This glut of advertising has forced businesses to compete for the attention of a populace that has an ever growing amount of distractions. Thus raising the question: How can businesses successfully advertise their products in the most efﬁcient way possible with the highest possible rate of success? We will answer this question in the context of banks advertising ﬁxed term deposit products to their customers. Using data collected from a previous bank marketing campaign, a number of features centered around the clients, the campaign itself, and general market conditions will be explored. Based on this data, machine learning models will predict which clients will subscribe and what banks can do to increase the rate of subscription. 
